Before we see what else we can do in the project, I want to minify some assets to give you a hint.
I want to log you through the workbox documentation here.
Now chances are that it changes slightly but the general structure probably stays the same.
Unfortunately, it's not the best documentation I ever saw,
so I find it important to also show you how to read it.
Now if you go to workboxjs.org, you start on the main page. On this page, you can actually get
a quick start guide on your favorite build system,
for example if you use npm, use the workbox-cli as we just did
and unfortunately this is outdated,
the command now is just workbox, not workbox-cli but we already saw this here
basically, this is the approach we took.
Now if you're using Gulp, you can follow the steps outlined there
and if you use webpack, you can find the steps here.
One important take away, the configuration for the module, for example here webpack
is the same as on the CLI,
so all your options you saw here in our workbox-cli-config, you could pass them to your webpack module
config too
as you can see here. Here you see just some options but all are supported.
That's important,
that's why I showed you the other approach,
it's the generic approach and here we pass the same options.
Now if you embed this in your webpack or in Gulp workflow, an advantage of course is that it will automatically
run this and rebuild your service worker whenever you update one of your files,
one of your assets.
So you don't have to run this manually
and this is the only thing for this right now, you have to keep in mind to run it manually when using
this npm approach.
However I'll also automate this a bit more in the next lectures.
So this is the general starting guide, now to dive deeper into the different options and so on,
this is the part where it gets tricky.
You can check out the examples,
for example this full example.
Now here if you scroll down, you see an example set up with precaching and also with the router.
Now the router also has a more complex set up or has more options it offers you and you can find out
which it has by going to reference and then it's workbox-sw
.
Don't get confused by all these packages,
workbox-sw wraps most of them and you can also dive into the individual packages to utilize all the
features of a given package
but that is very advanced, for most cases,
workbox-sw should suffice.
Now if you click on that, you'll find a documentation on it
and of course that's true for all these packages. Now
in there, you see that precache can be used like this
but keep in mind, this gets populated automatically when using inject manifest or generate-sw and
then you see how you set up routes for example.
The interesting part comes if we scroll down on this page,
you see the class is wrapped by workbox-sw.
That's workbox-sw itself which you set up with new self workbox-sw, you see this command here
in the sw-base.js file, here.
So this is how you initialize this package
and there you see you could pass an object to it to configure this. So you could pass an object where
you for example set up a cache ID and you see descriptions when you might want to use which option here.
Now most of the options are probably not required but it's good to know that you can add them if you
need to.
You'll also see that here you see this router thing we were accessing and this strategies thing we were
accessing, as well as this precache method.
Now if you click on strategies here, you'll see how you use a strategy and you can click on that link
to see a list of all the strategies and click on a strategy to read more about it, down there, learn
more about the strategy options and this is how you navigate through this.
Start with the objects, the commands you're using like workbox.strategies and click on it to learn more
about it,
the same for the router. Click on router and you can learn more about the router here.
This now shows you how you use the router,
for example here with strategies cache first or your custom handler. There you also see what you can
access on that args thing,
we were using args event but you can also get any URL or params if you were using an Express route
for example, with colon something. And you also learn more about the register route method which you
were calling,
so this method. To access this for example, you'll learn more about what you can pass as a first argument,
a string, a regular expression or this function I showed you and how you can create your own handler
and so on.
This is how you can move through this workbox documentation,
as I said, not the best documentation in the world but a place to start at least. Now some useful links
can be found in the last section of this module
but I found it important to explain how you can work with that on your own too.